Queue method (#2)
millavalio-Unikie/complex-copy: README.md

# The unnecessarily complex way to copy a file

### Starting the program:

To start the program, start both ipc_sendfile and ipc_receivefile from the command line individually in any order.

- ipc_sendfile: reads given file and sends it through selected IPC method.
- ipc_receivefile: reads from the selected IPC method and writes to given file.

### Commands:
```
-h, prints out a help text containing short description of all supported command-line arguments
-q <queue_name>, use queue as IPC method
-p <pipe_name>, uses pipes as IPC method
-s <buffer size in kB>, uses shared memory as IPC method
-f <filename>, file used to read/write data
```

> vv

Author: No, it is not. It is just a mistake that I made when I copy the new update README of Milla

# The unnecessarily complex way to copy a file

### Starting the program:

To start the program, start both ipc_sendfile and ipc_receivefile from the command line individually in any order.

- ipc_sendfile: reads given file and sends it through selected IPC method.
- ipc_receivefile: reads from the selected IPC method and writes to given file.

### Commands:
```
-h, prints out a help text containing short description of all supported command-line arguments
-q <queue_name>, use queue as IPC method
-p <pipe_name>, uses pipes as IPC method
-s <buffer size in kB>, uses shared memory as IPC method
-f <filename>, file used to read/write data
```
### Building:

> Using Makefile to build system. After complie by 'make', the program will create 2 binaries: ipc_sendfile and ipc_receivefile.

Author: Yes, After compilation by make

-f <filename>, file used to read/write data
```
### Building:
Using Makefile to build system. After compilation  by 'make', the program will create 2 binaries: ipc_sendfile and ipc_receivefile.

> You can start receiver before sender or converse, because I set timeout for 7 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can start receiver before sender or converse, the receiver will wait 7 seconds for the sender to start writing data to the queue before timing out.
```
I'd make it explicit that if you start the receiver before the sender you have only 7 seconds to start the sender
